docs/source/markdown/podman-pod-kill.1.md, before:

% podman-pod-kill(1)

## NAME
podman\-pod\-kill - Kill the main process of each container in one or more pods

## SYNOPSIS
**podman pod kill** [*options*] *pod* ...

## DESCRIPTION
The main process of each container inside the pods specified will be sent SIGKILL, or any signal specified with option --signal.

## OPTIONS
#### **--all**, **-a**

Sends signal to all containers associated with a pod.

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the pod name or ID, use the last created pod. If you use methods other than Podman
to run pods such as CRI-O, the last started pod could be from either of those methods. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

#### **--signal**, **-s**

Signal to send to the containers in the pod. For more information on Linux signals, refer to *man signal(7)*.


## EXAMPLE

podman pod kill mywebserver

podman pod kill 860a4b23

podman pod kill --signal TERM 860a4b23

podman pod kill --latest

podman pod kill --all

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-pod(1)](podman-pod.1.md)**, **[podman-pod-stop(1)](podman-pod-stop.1.md)**

## HISTORY
July 2018, Originally compiled by Peter Hunt <pehunt@redhat.com>

Commit message:

Clarify remote client means Mac and Windows
Signed-off-by: Daniel J Walsh <dwalsh@redhat.com>

docs/source/markdown/podman-pod-kill.1.md, after:

% podman-pod-kill(1)

## NAME
podman\-pod\-kill - Kill the main process of each container in one or more pods

## SYNOPSIS
**podman pod kill** [*options*] *pod* ...

## DESCRIPTION
The main process of each container inside the pods specified will be sent SIGKILL, or any signal specified with option --signal.

## OPTIONS
#### **--all**, **-a**

Sends signal to all containers associated with a pod.

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the pod name or ID, use the last created pod. If you use methods other than Podman
to run pods such as CRI-O, the last started pod could be from either of those methods. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client, including Mac and Windows (excluding WSL2) machines)

#### **--signal**, **-s**

Signal to send to the containers in the pod. For more information on Linux signals, refer to *man signal(7)*.


## EXAMPLE

podman pod kill mywebserver

podman pod kill 860a4b23

podman pod kill --signal TERM 860a4b23

podman pod kill --latest

podman pod kill --all

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-pod(1)](podman-pod.1.md)**, **[podman-pod-stop(1)](podman-pod-stop.1.md)**

## HISTORY
July 2018, Originally compiled by Peter Hunt <pehunt@redhat.com>
