docs/source/markdown/podman-port.1.md, before:

% podman-port(1)

## NAME
podman\-port - List port mappings for a container

## SYNOPSIS
**podman port** [*options*] *container* [*private-port*[/*proto*]]

**podman container port** [*options*] *container* [*private-port*[/*proto*]]

## DESCRIPTION
List port mappings for the *container* or lookup the public-facing port that is NAT-ed to the *private-port*.

## OPTIONS

#### **--all**, **-a**

List all known port mappings for running containers.  When using this option, you cannot pass any container names
or private ports/protocols as filters.

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the container name or ID, use the last created container. If you use methods other than Podman
to run containers such as CRI-O, the last started container could be from either of those methods. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

## EXAMPLE

List all port mappings
```
# podman port -a
b4d2f05432e482e017b1a4b2eae15fa7b4f6fb7e9f65c1bde46294fdef285906
80/udp -> 0.0.0.0:44327
80/tcp -> 0.0.0.0:44327
#
```

List port mappings for a specific container
```
# podman port b4d2f054
80/udp -> 0.0.0.0:44327
80/tcp -> 0.0.0.0:44327
#
```
List the port mappings for the latest container and port 80
```
# podman port b4d2f054 80
 0.0.0.0:44327
#
```

List the port mappings for a specific container for port 80 and the tcp protocol.
```
# podman port b4d2f054 80/tcp
0.0.0.0:44327
#
```
## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-inspect(1)](podman-inspect.1.md)**

## HISTORY
January 2018, Originally compiled by Brent Baude <bbaude@redhat.com>

Commit message:

Clarify remote client means Mac and Windows
Signed-off-by: Daniel J Walsh <dwalsh@redhat.com>

docs/source/markdown/podman-port.1.md, after:

% podman-port(1)

## NAME
podman\-port - List port mappings for a container

## SYNOPSIS
**podman port** [*options*] *container* [*private-port*[/*proto*]]

**podman container port** [*options*] *container* [*private-port*[/*proto*]]

## DESCRIPTION
List port mappings for the *container* or lookup the public-facing port that is NAT-ed to the *private-port*.

## OPTIONS

#### **--all**, **-a**

List all known port mappings for running containers.  When using this option, you cannot pass any container names
or private ports/protocols as filters.

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the container name or ID, use the last created container. If you use methods other than Podman
to run containers such as CRI-O, the last started container could be from either of those methods. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client, including Mac and Windows (excluding WSL2) machines)

## EXAMPLE

List all port mappings
```
# podman port -a
b4d2f05432e482e017b1a4b2eae15fa7b4f6fb7e9f65c1bde46294fdef285906
80/udp -> 0.0.0.0:44327
80/tcp -> 0.0.0.0:44327
#
```

List port mappings for a specific container
```
# podman port b4d2f054
80/udp -> 0.0.0.0:44327
80/tcp -> 0.0.0.0:44327
#
```
List the port mappings for the latest container and port 80
```
# podman port b4d2f054 80
 0.0.0.0:44327
#
```

List the port mappings for a specific container for port 80 and the tcp protocol.
```
# podman port b4d2f054 80/tcp
0.0.0.0:44327
#
```
## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-inspect(1)](podman-inspect.1.md)**

## HISTORY
January 2018, Originally compiled by Brent Baude <bbaude@redhat.com>
