docs/source/markdown/podman-stats.1.md, before:

% podman-stats(1)

## NAME
podman\-stats - Display a live stream of one or more container's resource usage statistics

## SYNOPSIS
**podman stats** [*options*] [*container*]

**podman container stats** [*options*] [*container*]

## DESCRIPTION
Display a live stream of one or more containers' resource usage statistics

Note:  Podman stats will not work in rootless environments that use CGroups V1.
Podman stats relies on CGroup information for statistics, and CGroup v1 is not
supported for rootless use cases.

Note: Rootless environments that use CGroups V2 are not able to report statistics
about their networking usage.

## OPTIONS

#### **--all**, **-a**

Show all containers.  Only running containers are shown by default

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the container name or ID, use the last created container. If you use methods other than Podman
to run containers such as CRI-O, the last started container could be from either of those methods. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

#### **--no-reset**

Do not clear the terminal/screen in between reporting intervals

#### **--no-stream**

Disable streaming stats and only pull the first result, default setting is false

#### **--interval**=*seconds*, **-i**=*seconds*

Time in seconds between stats reports, defaults to 5 seconds.

#### **--format**=*template*

Pretty-print container statistics to JSON or using a Go template

Valid placeholders for the Go template are listed below:

| **Placeholder** | **Description**    |
| --------------- | ------------------ |
| .ID             | Container ID       |
| .Name           | Container Name     |
| .CPUPerc        | CPU percentage     |
| .MemUsage       | Memory usage       |
| .MemUsageBytes  | Memory usage (IEC) |
| .MemPerc        | Memory percentage  |
| .NetIO          | Network IO         |
| .BlockIO        | Block IO           |
| .PIDS           | Number of PIDs     |

When using a GO template, you may precede the format with `table` to print headers.

## EXAMPLE

```
# podman stats -a --no-stream
ID             NAME              CPU %   MEM USAGE / LIMIT   MEM %   NET IO    BLOCK IO   PIDS
a9f807ffaacd   frosty_hodgkin    --      3.092MB / 16.7GB    0.02%   -- / --   -- / --    2
3b33001239ee   sleepy_stallman   --      -- / --             --      -- / --   -- / --    --
```

```
# podman stats --no-stream a9f80
ID             NAME             CPU %   MEM USAGE / LIMIT   MEM %   NET IO    BLOCK IO   PIDS
a9f807ffaacd   frosty_hodgkin   --      3.092MB / 16.7GB    0.02%   -- / --   -- / --    2
```

```
# podman stats --no-stream --format=json a9f80
[
    {
	"id": "a9f807ffaacd",
	"name": "frosty_hodgkin",
	"cpu_percent": "--",
	"mem_usage": "3.092MB / 16.7GB",
	"mem_percent": "0.02%",
	"netio": "-- / --",
	"blocki": "-- / --",
	"pids": "2"
    }
]
```

```
# podman stats --no-stream --format "table {{.ID}} {{.Name}} {{.MemUsage}}" 6eae
ID             NAME           MEM USAGE / LIMIT
6eae9e25a564   clever_bassi   3.031MB / 16.7GB
```

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**

## HISTORY
July 2017, Originally compiled by Ryan Cole <rycole@redhat.com>

Commit message:

libpod: report slirp4netns network stats
by default slirp4netns uses the tap0 device.  When slirp4netns is
used, use that device by default instead of eth0.

Closes: https://github.com/containers/podman/issues/11695

Signed-off-by: Giuseppe Scrivano <gscrivan@redhat.com>

docs/source/markdown/podman-stats.1.md, after:

% podman-stats(1)

## NAME
podman\-stats - Display a live stream of one or more container's resource usage statistics

## SYNOPSIS
**podman stats** [*options*] [*container*]

**podman container stats** [*options*] [*container*]

## DESCRIPTION
Display a live stream of one or more containers' resource usage statistics

Note:  Podman stats will not work in rootless environments that use CGroups V1.
Podman stats relies on CGroup information for statistics, and CGroup v1 is not
supported for rootless use cases.

Note: Rootless environments that use CGroups V2 are not able to report statistics
about their networking usage.

## OPTIONS

#### **--all**, **-a**

Show all containers.  Only running containers are shown by default

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the container name or ID, use the last created container. If you use methods other than Podman
to run containers such as CRI-O, the last started container could be from either of those methods. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

#### **--no-reset**

Do not clear the terminal/screen in between reporting intervals

#### **--no-stream**

Disable streaming stats and only pull the first result, default setting is false

#### **--interval**=*seconds*, **-i**=*seconds*

Time in seconds between stats reports, defaults to 5 seconds.

#### **--format**=*template*

Pretty-print container statistics to JSON or using a Go template

Valid placeholders for the Go template are listed below:

| **Placeholder** | **Description**    |
| --------------- | ------------------ |
| .ID             | Container ID       |
| .Name           | Container Name     |
| .CPUPerc        | CPU percentage     |
| .MemUsage       | Memory usage       |
| .MemUsageBytes  | Memory usage (IEC) |
| .MemPerc        | Memory percentage  |
| .NetIO          | Network IO         |
| .BlockIO        | Block IO           |
| .PIDS           | Number of PIDs     |

When using a GO template, you may precede the format with `table` to print headers.

## EXAMPLE

```
# podman stats -a --no-stream
ID             NAME              CPU %   MEM USAGE / LIMIT   MEM %   NET IO    BLOCK IO   PIDS
a9f807ffaacd   frosty_hodgkin    --      3.092MB / 16.7GB    0.02%   -- / --   -- / --    2
3b33001239ee   sleepy_stallman   --      -- / --             --      -- / --   -- / --    --
```

```
# podman stats --no-stream a9f80
ID             NAME             CPU %   MEM USAGE / LIMIT   MEM %   NET IO    BLOCK IO   PIDS
a9f807ffaacd   frosty_hodgkin   --      3.092MB / 16.7GB    0.02%   -- / --   -- / --    2
```

```
# podman stats --no-stream --format=json a9f80
[
    {
	"id": "a9f807ffaacd",
	"name": "frosty_hodgkin",
	"cpu_percent": "--",
	"mem_usage": "3.092MB / 16.7GB",
	"mem_percent": "0.02%",
	"netio": "-- / --",
	"blocki": "-- / --",
	"pids": "2"
    }
]
```

```
# podman stats --no-stream --format "table {{.ID}} {{.Name}} {{.MemUsage}}" 6eae
ID             NAME           MEM USAGE / LIMIT
6eae9e25a564   clever_bassi   3.031MB / 16.7GB
```

Note: When using a slirp4netns network, the traffic send via the port forwarding will be accounted
to the `lo` device.  Traffic accounted to `lo` is not accounted in the stats output.


## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**

## HISTORY
July 2017, Originally compiled by Ryan Cole <rycole@redhat.com>
