docs/source/markdown/podman-image-trust.1.md, before:

% podman-image-trust(1)

## NAME
podman\-image\-trust - Manage container registry image trust policy


## SYNOPSIS
**podman image trust** set|show [*options*] *registry[/repository]*

## DESCRIPTION
Manages which registries you trust as a source of container images  based on its location. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

The location is determined
by the transport and the registry host of the image.  Using this container image `docker://docker.io/library/busybox`
as an example, `docker` is the transport and `docker.io` is the registry host.

Trust is defined in **/etc/containers/policy.json** and is enforced when a user attempts to pull
a remote image from a registry.  The trust policy in policy.json describes a registry scope (registry and/or repository) for the trust.  This trust can use public keys for signed images.

The scope of the trust is evaluated from most specific to the least specific. In other words, a policy may be defined for an entire registry.  Or it could be defined for a particular repository in that registry. Or it could be defined down to a specific signed image inside of the registry.

For example, the following list includes valid scope values that could be used in policy.json from most specific to the least specific:

docker.io/library/busybox:notlatest
docker.io/library/busybox
docker.io/library
docker.io

If no configuration is found for any of these scopes, the default value (specified by using "default" instead of REGISTRY[/REPOSITORY]) is used.

Trust **type** provides a way to:

Allowlist ("accept") or
Denylist ("reject") registries or
Require signature (“signedBy”).

Trust may be updated using the command **podman image trust set** for an existing trust scope.

## OPTIONS
#### **--help**, **-h**
  Print usage statement.

#### **--pubkeysfile**=*KEY1*, **-f**
  A path to an exported public key on the local system. Key paths
  will be referenced in policy.json. Any path to a file may be used but locating the file in **/etc/pki/containers** is recommended. Options may be used multiple times to
  require an image be signed by multiple keys.  The **--pubkeysfile** option is required for the **signedBy** type.

#### **--type**=*value*, **-t**
  The trust type for this policy entry.
  Accepted values:
    **signedBy** (default): Require signatures with corresponding list of
                        public keys
    **accept**: do not require any signatures for this
            registry scope
    **reject**: do not accept images for this registry scope

## show OPTIONS

#### **--raw**
  Output trust policy file as raw JSON

#### **--json**, **-j**
  Output trust as JSON for machine parsing

## EXAMPLES

Accept all unsigned images from a registry

    sudo podman image trust set --type accept docker.io

Modify default trust policy

    sudo podman image trust set -t reject default

Display system trust policy

    sudo podman image trust show

Display trust policy file

   sudo podman image trust show --raw

Display trust as JSON

   sudo podman image trust show --json

## SEE ALSO
**[containers-policy.json(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-policy.json.5.md)**

## HISTORY
January 2019, updated by Tom Sweeney (tsweeney at redhat dot com)
December 2018, originally compiled by Qi Wang (qiwan at redhat dot com)

Commit message:

Clarify remote client means Mac and Windows
Signed-off-by: Daniel J Walsh <dwalsh@redhat.com>

docs/source/markdown/podman-image-trust.1.md, after:

% podman-image-trust(1)

## NAME
podman\-image\-trust - Manage container registry image trust policy


## SYNOPSIS
**podman image trust** set|show [*options*] *registry[/repository]*

## DESCRIPTION
Manages which registries you trust as a source of container images  based on its location. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client, including Mac and Windows (excluding WSL2) machines)

The location is determined
by the transport and the registry host of the image.  Using this container image `docker://docker.io/library/busybox`
as an example, `docker` is the transport and `docker.io` is the registry host.

Trust is defined in **/etc/containers/policy.json** and is enforced when a user attempts to pull
a remote image from a registry.  The trust policy in policy.json describes a registry scope (registry and/or repository) for the trust.  This trust can use public keys for signed images.

The scope of the trust is evaluated from most specific to the least specific. In other words, a policy may be defined for an entire registry.  Or it could be defined for a particular repository in that registry. Or it could be defined down to a specific signed image inside of the registry.

For example, the following list includes valid scope values that could be used in policy.json from most specific to the least specific:

docker.io/library/busybox:notlatest
docker.io/library/busybox
docker.io/library
docker.io

If no configuration is found for any of these scopes, the default value (specified by using "default" instead of REGISTRY[/REPOSITORY]) is used.

Trust **type** provides a way to:

Allowlist ("accept") or
Denylist ("reject") registries or
Require signature (“signedBy”).

Trust may be updated using the command **podman image trust set** for an existing trust scope.

## OPTIONS
#### **--help**, **-h**
  Print usage statement.

#### **--pubkeysfile**=*KEY1*, **-f**
  A path to an exported public key on the local system. Key paths
  will be referenced in policy.json. Any path to a file may be used but locating the file in **/etc/pki/containers** is recommended. Options may be used multiple times to
  require an image be signed by multiple keys.  The **--pubkeysfile** option is required for the **signedBy** type.

#### **--type**=*value*, **-t**
  The trust type for this policy entry.
  Accepted values:
    **signedBy** (default): Require signatures with corresponding list of
                        public keys
    **accept**: do not require any signatures for this
            registry scope
    **reject**: do not accept images for this registry scope

## show OPTIONS

#### **--raw**
  Output trust policy file as raw JSON

#### **--json**, **-j**
  Output trust as JSON for machine parsing

## EXAMPLES

Accept all unsigned images from a registry

    sudo podman image trust set --type accept docker.io

Modify default trust policy

    sudo podman image trust set -t reject default

Display system trust policy

    sudo podman image trust show

Display trust policy file

   sudo podman image trust show --raw

Display trust as JSON

   sudo podman image trust show --json

## SEE ALSO
**[containers-policy.json(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-policy.json.5.md)**

## HISTORY
January 2019, updated by Tom Sweeney (tsweeney at redhat dot com)
December 2018, originally compiled by Qi Wang (qiwan at redhat dot com)
