docs/source/markdown/podman-login.1.md, before:

% podman-login(1)

## NAME
podman\-login - Login to a container registry

## SYNOPSIS
**podman login** [*options*] [*registry*]

## DESCRIPTION
**podman login** logs into a specified registry server with the correct username
and password. If the registry is not specified, the first registry under [registries.search]
from registries.conf will be used. **podman login** reads in the username and password from STDIN.
The username and password can also be set using the **username** and **password** flags.
The path of the authentication file can be specified by the user by setting the **authfile**
flag. The default path for reading and writing credentials is **${XDG\_RUNTIME\_DIR}/containers/auth.json**.
Podman will use existing credentials if the user does not pass in a username.
Podman will first search for the username and password in the **${XDG\_RUNTIME\_DIR}/containers/auth.json**, if they are not valid,
Podman will then use any existing credentials found in **$HOME/.docker/config.json**.
If those credentials are not present, Podman will create **${XDG\_RUNTIME\_DIR}/containers/auth.json** (if the file does not exist) and
will then store the username and password from STDIN as a base64 encoded string in it.
For more details about format and configurations of the auth.json file, please refer to containers-auth.json(5)

**podman [GLOBAL OPTIONS]**

**podman login [GLOBAL OPTIONS]**

**podman login [OPTIONS] [REGISTRY] [GLOBAL OPTIONS]**

## OPTIONS

#### **--authfile**=*path*

Path of the authentication file. Default is ${XDG\_RUNTIME\_DIR}/containers/auth.json.

Note: You can also override the default path of the authentication file by setting the REGISTRY\_AUTH\_FILE
environment variable. `export REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE=path`

#### **--cert-dir**=*path*

Use certificates at *path* (\*.crt, \*.cert, \*.key) to connect to the registry. (Default: /etc/containers/certs.d)
Please refer to containers-certs.d(5) for details. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

#### **--get-login**

Return the logged-in user for the registry.  Return error if no login is found.

#### **--help**, **-h**

Print usage statement

#### **--password**, **-p**=*password*

Password for registry

#### **--password-stdin**

Take the password from stdin

#### **--tls-verify**

Require HTTPS and verify certificates when contacting registries (default: true). If explicitly set to true,
then TLS verification will be used. If set to false, then TLS verification will not be used. If not specified,
TLS verification will be used unless the target registry is listed as an insecure registry in registries.conf.

#### **--username**, **-u**=*username*

Username for registry

#### **--verbose**, **-v**

print detailed information about credential store

## EXAMPLES

```
$ podman login docker.io
Username: umohnani
Password:
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ podman login -u testuser -p testpassword localhost:5000
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ podman login --authfile authdir/myauths.json docker.io
Username: umohnani
Password:
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ podman login --tls-verify=false -u test -p test localhost:5000
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ podman login --cert-dir /etc/containers/certs.d/ -u foo -p bar localhost:5000
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ podman login -u testuser  --password-stdin < testpassword.txt docker.io
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ echo $testpassword | podman login -u testuser --password-stdin docker.io
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ podman login quay.io --verbose
Username: myusername
Password:
Used: /run/user/1000/containers/auth.json
Login Succeeded!
```

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-logout(1)](podman-logout.1.md)**, **[containers-auth.json(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-auth.json.5.md)**, **[containers-certs.d(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-certs.d.5.md)**, **[containers-registries.conf(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-registries.conf.5.md)**

## HISTORY
August 2017, Originally compiled by Urvashi Mohnani <umohnani@redhat.com>

Commit message:

Clarify remote client means Mac and Windows
Signed-off-by: Daniel J Walsh <dwalsh@redhat.com>

docs/source/markdown/podman-login.1.md, after:

% podman-login(1)

## NAME
podman\-login - Login to a container registry

## SYNOPSIS
**podman login** [*options*] [*registry*]

## DESCRIPTION
**podman login** logs into a specified registry server with the correct username
and password. If the registry is not specified, the first registry under [registries.search]
from registries.conf will be used. **podman login** reads in the username and password from STDIN.
The username and password can also be set using the **username** and **password** flags.
The path of the authentication file can be specified by the user by setting the **authfile**
flag. The default path for reading and writing credentials is **${XDG\_RUNTIME\_DIR}/containers/auth.json**.
Podman will use existing credentials if the user does not pass in a username.
Podman will first search for the username and password in the **${XDG\_RUNTIME\_DIR}/containers/auth.json**, if they are not valid,
Podman will then use any existing credentials found in **$HOME/.docker/config.json**.
If those credentials are not present, Podman will create **${XDG\_RUNTIME\_DIR}/containers/auth.json** (if the file does not exist) and
will then store the username and password from STDIN as a base64 encoded string in it.
For more details about format and configurations of the auth.json file, please refer to containers-auth.json(5)

**podman [GLOBAL OPTIONS]**

**podman login [GLOBAL OPTIONS]**

**podman login [OPTIONS] [REGISTRY] [GLOBAL OPTIONS]**

## OPTIONS

#### **--authfile**=*path*

Path of the authentication file. Default is ${XDG\_RUNTIME\_DIR}/containers/auth.json.

Note: You can also override the default path of the authentication file by setting the REGISTRY\_AUTH\_FILE
environment variable. `export REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE=path`

#### **--cert-dir**=*path*

Use certificates at *path* (\*.crt, \*.cert, \*.key) to connect to the registry. (Default: /etc/containers/certs.d)
Please refer to containers-certs.d(5) for details. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client, including Mac and Windows (excluding WSL2) machines)

#### **--get-login**

Return the logged-in user for the registry.  Return error if no login is found.

#### **--help**, **-h**

Print usage statement

#### **--password**, **-p**=*password*

Password for registry

#### **--password-stdin**

Take the password from stdin

#### **--tls-verify**

Require HTTPS and verify certificates when contacting registries (default: true). If explicitly set to true,
then TLS verification will be used. If set to false, then TLS verification will not be used. If not specified,
TLS verification will be used unless the target registry is listed as an insecure registry in registries.conf.

#### **--username**, **-u**=*username*

Username for registry

#### **--verbose**, **-v**

print detailed information about credential store

## EXAMPLES

```
$ podman login docker.io
Username: umohnani
Password:
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ podman login -u testuser -p testpassword localhost:5000
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ podman login --authfile authdir/myauths.json docker.io
Username: umohnani
Password:
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ podman login --tls-verify=false -u test -p test localhost:5000
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ podman login --cert-dir /etc/containers/certs.d/ -u foo -p bar localhost:5000
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ podman login -u testuser  --password-stdin < testpassword.txt docker.io
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ echo $testpassword | podman login -u testuser --password-stdin docker.io
Login Succeeded!
```

```
$ podman login quay.io --verbose
Username: myusername
Password:
Used: /run/user/1000/containers/auth.json
Login Succeeded!
```

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-logout(1)](podman-logout.1.md)**, **[containers-auth.json(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-auth.json.5.md)**, **[containers-certs.d(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-certs.d.5.md)**, **[containers-registries.conf(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-registries.conf.5.md)**

## HISTORY
August 2017, Originally compiled by Urvashi Mohnani <umohnani@redhat.com>
