docs/source/markdown/podman-image-sign.1.md, before:

% podman-image-sign(1)

## NAME
podman-image-sign - Create a signature for an image

## SYNOPSIS
**podman image sign** [*options*] *image* [*image* ...]

## DESCRIPTION
**podman image sign** will create a local signature for one or more local images that have
been pulled from a registry. The signature will be written to a directory
derived from the registry configuration files in `$HOME/.config/containers/registries.d` if it exists,
otherwise `/etc/containers/registries.d` (unless overridden at compile-time), see **containers-registries.d(5)** for more information.
By default, the signature will be written into `/var/lib/containers/sigstore` for root and `$HOME/.local/share/containers/sigstore` for non-root users

## OPTIONS

#### **--help**, **-h**

Print usage statement.

#### **--all**, **-a**

Sign all the manifests of the multi-architecture image (default false).

#### **--authfile**=*path*

Path of the authentication file. Default is ${XDG\_RUNTIME\_DIR}/containers/auth.json

Note: You can also override the default path of the authentication file by setting the REGISTRY\_AUTH\_FILE
environment variable. `export REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE=path`

#### **--cert-dir**=*path*

Use certificates at *path* (\*.crt, \*.cert, \*.key) to connect to the registry. (Default: /etc/containers/certs.d)
Please refer to containers-certs.d(5) for details. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

#### **--directory**, **-d**=*dir*

Store the signatures in the specified directory.  Default: /var/lib/containers/sigstore

#### **--sign-by**=*identity*

Override the default identity of the signature.

## EXAMPLES
Sign the busybox image with the identity of foo@bar.com with a user's keyring and save the signature in /tmp/signatures/.

   sudo podman image sign --sign-by foo@bar.com --directory /tmp/signatures docker://privateregistry.example.com/foobar

   sudo podman image sign --authfile=/tmp/foobar.json --sign-by foo@bar.com --directory /tmp/signatures docker://privateregistry.example.com/foobar

## RELATED CONFIGURATION

The write (and read) location for signatures is defined in YAML-based
configuration files in /etc/containers/registries.d/ for root,
or $HOME/.config/containers/registries.d for non-root users.  When you sign
an image, Podman will use those configuration files to determine
where to write the signature based on the name of the originating
registry or a default storage value unless overridden with the --directory
option. For example, consider the following configuration file.

docker:
  privateregistry.example.com:
    sigstore: file:///var/lib/containers/sigstore

When signing an image preceded with the registry name 'privateregistry.example.com',
the signature will be written into sub-directories of
/var/lib/containers/sigstore/privateregistry.example.com. The use of 'sigstore' also means
the signature will be 'read' from that same location on a pull-related function.

## SEE ALSO
**[containers-certs.d(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-certs.d.5.md)**, **[containers-registries.d(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-registries.d.5.md)**

## HISTORY
November 2018, Originally compiled by Qi Wang (qiwan at redhat dot com)

Commit message:

Clarify remote client means Mac and Windows
Signed-off-by: Daniel J Walsh <dwalsh@redhat.com>

docs/source/markdown/podman-image-sign.1.md, after:

% podman-image-sign(1)

## NAME
podman-image-sign - Create a signature for an image

## SYNOPSIS
**podman image sign** [*options*] *image* [*image* ...]

## DESCRIPTION
**podman image sign** will create a local signature for one or more local images that have
been pulled from a registry. The signature will be written to a directory
derived from the registry configuration files in `$HOME/.config/containers/registries.d` if it exists,
otherwise `/etc/containers/registries.d` (unless overridden at compile-time), see **containers-registries.d(5)** for more information.
By default, the signature will be written into `/var/lib/containers/sigstore` for root and `$HOME/.local/share/containers/sigstore` for non-root users

## OPTIONS

#### **--help**, **-h**

Print usage statement.

#### **--all**, **-a**

Sign all the manifests of the multi-architecture image (default false).

#### **--authfile**=*path*

Path of the authentication file. Default is ${XDG\_RUNTIME\_DIR}/containers/auth.json

Note: You can also override the default path of the authentication file by setting the REGISTRY\_AUTH\_FILE
environment variable. `export REGISTRY_AUTH_FILE=path`

#### **--cert-dir**=*path*

Use certificates at *path* (\*.crt, \*.cert, \*.key) to connect to the registry. (Default: /etc/containers/certs.d)
Please refer to containers-certs.d(5) for details. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client, including Mac and Windows (excluding WSL2) machines)

#### **--directory**, **-d**=*dir*

Store the signatures in the specified directory.  Default: /var/lib/containers/sigstore

#### **--sign-by**=*identity*

Override the default identity of the signature.

## EXAMPLES
Sign the busybox image with the identity of foo@bar.com with a user's keyring and save the signature in /tmp/signatures/.

   sudo podman image sign --sign-by foo@bar.com --directory /tmp/signatures docker://privateregistry.example.com/foobar

   sudo podman image sign --authfile=/tmp/foobar.json --sign-by foo@bar.com --directory /tmp/signatures docker://privateregistry.example.com/foobar

## RELATED CONFIGURATION

The write (and read) location for signatures is defined in YAML-based
configuration files in /etc/containers/registries.d/ for root,
or $HOME/.config/containers/registries.d for non-root users.  When you sign
an image, Podman will use those configuration files to determine
where to write the signature based on the name of the originating
registry or a default storage value unless overridden with the --directory
option. For example, consider the following configuration file.

docker:
  privateregistry.example.com:
    sigstore: file:///var/lib/containers/sigstore

When signing an image preceded with the registry name 'privateregistry.example.com',
the signature will be written into sub-directories of
/var/lib/containers/sigstore/privateregistry.example.com. The use of 'sigstore' also means
the signature will be 'read' from that same location on a pull-related function.

## SEE ALSO
**[containers-certs.d(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-certs.d.5.md)**, **[containers-registries.d(5)](https://github.com/containers/image/blob/main/docs/containers-registries.d.5.md)**

## HISTORY
November 2018, Originally compiled by Qi Wang (qiwan at redhat dot com)
