docs/source/markdown/podman-inspect.1.md, before:

% podman-inspect(1)

## NAME
podman\-inspect - Display a container, image, volume, network, or pod's configuration

## SYNOPSIS
**podman inspect** [*options*] *name* [...]

## DESCRIPTION

This displays the low-level information on containers and images identified by name or ID. By default, this will render
all results in a JSON array. If the inspect type is all, the order of inspection is: containers, images, volumes, network, pods.
 So, if a container has the same name as an image, then the container JSON will be returned, and so on.
 If a format is specified, the given template will be executed for each result.

For more inspection options, see also
[podman-container-inspect(1)](podman-container-inspect.1.md),
[podman-image-inspect(1)](podman-image-inspect.1.md),
[podman-network-inspect(1)](podman-network-inspect.1.md),
[podman-pod-inspect(1)](podman-pod-inspect.1.md), and
[podman-volume-inspect(1)](podman-volume-inspect.1.md).

## OPTIONS

#### **--type**, **-t**=*type*

Return JSON for the specified type.  Type can be 'container', 'image', 'volume', 'network', 'pod', or 'all' (default: all)
(Only meaningful when invoked as *podman inspect*)

#### **--format**, **-f**=*format*

Format the output using the given Go template.
The keys of the returned JSON can be used as the values for the --format flag (see examples below).

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the container name or ID, use the last created container. If you use methods other than Podman
to run containers such as CRI-O, the last started container could be from either of those methods.

This option can be used to inspect the latest pod created when used with --type pod. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client or when invoked as *podman image inspect*.)

#### **--size**, **-s**

In addition to normal output, display the total file size if the type is a container.


## EXAMPLE

```
# podman inspect fedora
[
    {
        "Id": "f0858ad3febdf45bb2e5501cb459affffacef081f79eaa436085c3b6d9bd46ca",
        "Digest": "sha256:d4f7df6b691d61af6cee7328f82f1d8afdef63bc38f58516858ae3045083924a",
        "RepoTags": [
            "docker.io/library/fedora:latest"
        ],
        "RepoDigests": [
            "docker.io/library/fedora@sha256:8fa60b88e2a7eac8460b9c0104b877f1aa0cea7fbc03c701b7e545dacccfb433",
            "docker.io/library/fedora@sha256:d4f7df6b691d61af6cee7328f82f1d8afdef63bc38f58516858ae3045083924a"
        ],
        "Parent": "",
        "Comment": "",
        "Created": "2019-10-29T03:23:37.695123423Z",
        "Config": {
            "Env": [
                "PATH=/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin",
                "DISTTAG=f31-updates-candidatecontainer",
                "FGC=f31-updates-candidate",
                "FBR=f31-updates-candidate"
            ],
            "Cmd": [
                "/bin/bash"
            ],
            "Labels": {
                "maintainer": "Clement Verna \u003ccverna@fedoraproject.org\u003e"
            }
        },
        "Version": "18.06.1-ce",
        "Author": "",
        "Architecture": "amd64",
        "Os": "linux",
        "Size": 201096840,
        "VirtualSize": 201096840,
        "GraphDriver": {
            "Name": "overlay",
            "Data": {
                "UpperDir": "/home/user/.local/share/containers/storage/overlay/2ae3cee18c8ef9e0d448649747dab81c4f1ca2714a8c4550eff49574cab262c9/diff",
                "WorkDir": "/home/user/.local/share/containers/storage/overlay/2ae3cee18c8ef9e0d448649747dab81c4f1ca2714a8c4550eff49574cab262c9/work"
            }
        },
        "RootFS": {
            "Type": "layers",
            "Layers": [
                "sha256:2ae3cee18c8ef9e0d448649747dab81c4f1ca2714a8c4550eff49574cab262c9"
            ]
        },
        "Labels": {
            "maintainer": "Clement Verna \u003ccverna@fedoraproject.org\u003e"
        },
        "Annotations": {},
        "ManifestType": "application/vnd.docker.distribution.manifest.v2+json",
        "User": "",
        "History": [
            {
                "created": "2019-01-16T21:21:55.569693599Z",
                "created_by": "/bin/sh -c #(nop)  LABEL maintainer=Clement Verna \u003ccverna@fedoraproject.org\u003e",
                "empty_layer": true
            },
            {
                "created": "2019-09-27T21:21:07.784469821Z",
                "created_by": "/bin/sh -c #(nop)  ENV DISTTAG=f31-updates-candidatecontainer FGC=f31-updates-candidate FBR=f31-updates-candidate",
                "empty_layer": true
            },
            {
                "created": "2019-10-29T03:23:37.355187998Z",
                "created_by": "/bin/sh -c #(nop) ADD file:298f828afc880ccde9205fc4418435d5e696ad165e283f0530d0b1a74326d6dc in / "
            },
            {
                "created": "2019-10-29T03:23:37.695123423Z",
                "created_by": "/bin/sh -c #(nop)  CMD [\"/bin/bash\"]",
                "empty_layer": true
            }
        ],
        "NamesHistory": []
    }
]
```

```
# podman inspect a04 --format "{{.ImageName}}"
fedora
```

```
# podman inspect a04 --format "{{.GraphDriver.Name}}"
overlay
```

```
# podman image inspect --format "size: {{.Size}}" alpine
size:   4405240
```

```
podman container inspect --latest --format {{.EffectiveCaps}}
[CAP_CHOWN CAP_DAC_OVERRIDE CAP_FSETID CAP_FOWNER CAP_MKNOD CAP_NET_RAW CAP_SETGID CAP_SETUID CAP_SETFCAP CAP_SETPCAP CAP_NET_BIND_SERVICE CAP_SYS_CHROOT CAP_KILL CAP_AUDIT_WRITE]
```

```
# podman inspect myPod --type pod --format "{{.Name}}"
myPod
```
```
# podman inspect myVolume --type volume --format "{{.Name}}"
myVolume
```

```
# podman inspect nyNetwork --type network --format "{{.name}}"
myNetwork
```

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-container-inspect(1)](podman-container-inspect.1.md)**, **[podman-image-inspect(1)](podman-image-inspect.1.md)**, **[podman-network-inspect(1)](podman-network-inspect.1.md)**, **[podman-pod-inspect(1)](podman-pod-inspect.1.md)**, **[podman-volume-inspect(1)](podman-volume-inspect.1.md)**

## HISTORY
July 2017, Originally compiled by Dan Walsh <dwalsh@redhat.com>

Commit message:

Clarify remote client means Mac and Windows
Signed-off-by: Daniel J Walsh <dwalsh@redhat.com>

docs/source/markdown/podman-inspect.1.md, after:

% podman-inspect(1)

## NAME
podman\-inspect - Display a container, image, volume, network, or pod's configuration

## SYNOPSIS
**podman inspect** [*options*] *name* [...]

## DESCRIPTION

This displays the low-level information on containers and images identified by name or ID. By default, this will render
all results in a JSON array. If the inspect type is all, the order of inspection is: containers, images, volumes, network, pods.
 So, if a container has the same name as an image, then the container JSON will be returned, and so on.
 If a format is specified, the given template will be executed for each result.

For more inspection options, see also
[podman-container-inspect(1)](podman-container-inspect.1.md),
[podman-image-inspect(1)](podman-image-inspect.1.md),
[podman-network-inspect(1)](podman-network-inspect.1.md),
[podman-pod-inspect(1)](podman-pod-inspect.1.md), and
[podman-volume-inspect(1)](podman-volume-inspect.1.md).

## OPTIONS

#### **--type**, **-t**=*type*

Return JSON for the specified type.  Type can be 'container', 'image', 'volume', 'network', 'pod', or 'all' (default: all)
(Only meaningful when invoked as *podman inspect*)

#### **--format**, **-f**=*format*

Format the output using the given Go template.
The keys of the returned JSON can be used as the values for the --format flag (see examples below).

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the container name or ID, use the last created container. If you use methods other than Podman
to run containers such as CRI-O, the last started container could be from either of those methods.

This option can be used to inspect the latest pod created when used with --type pod. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client, including Mac and Windows (excluding WSL2) machines, or when invoked as *podman image inspect*.)

#### **--size**, **-s**

In addition to normal output, display the total file size if the type is a container.


## EXAMPLE

```
# podman inspect fedora
[
    {
        "Id": "f0858ad3febdf45bb2e5501cb459affffacef081f79eaa436085c3b6d9bd46ca",
        "Digest": "sha256:d4f7df6b691d61af6cee7328f82f1d8afdef63bc38f58516858ae3045083924a",
        "RepoTags": [
            "docker.io/library/fedora:latest"
        ],
        "RepoDigests": [
            "docker.io/library/fedora@sha256:8fa60b88e2a7eac8460b9c0104b877f1aa0cea7fbc03c701b7e545dacccfb433",
            "docker.io/library/fedora@sha256:d4f7df6b691d61af6cee7328f82f1d8afdef63bc38f58516858ae3045083924a"
        ],
        "Parent": "",
        "Comment": "",
        "Created": "2019-10-29T03:23:37.695123423Z",
        "Config": {
            "Env": [
                "PATH=/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin",
                "DISTTAG=f31-updates-candidatecontainer",
                "FGC=f31-updates-candidate",
                "FBR=f31-updates-candidate"
            ],
            "Cmd": [
                "/bin/bash"
            ],
            "Labels": {
                "maintainer": "Clement Verna \u003ccverna@fedoraproject.org\u003e"
            }
        },
        "Version": "18.06.1-ce",
        "Author": "",
        "Architecture": "amd64",
        "Os": "linux",
        "Size": 201096840,
        "VirtualSize": 201096840,
        "GraphDriver": {
            "Name": "overlay",
            "Data": {
                "UpperDir": "/home/user/.local/share/containers/storage/overlay/2ae3cee18c8ef9e0d448649747dab81c4f1ca2714a8c4550eff49574cab262c9/diff",
                "WorkDir": "/home/user/.local/share/containers/storage/overlay/2ae3cee18c8ef9e0d448649747dab81c4f1ca2714a8c4550eff49574cab262c9/work"
            }
        },
        "RootFS": {
            "Type": "layers",
            "Layers": [
                "sha256:2ae3cee18c8ef9e0d448649747dab81c4f1ca2714a8c4550eff49574cab262c9"
            ]
        },
        "Labels": {
            "maintainer": "Clement Verna \u003ccverna@fedoraproject.org\u003e"
        },
        "Annotations": {},
        "ManifestType": "application/vnd.docker.distribution.manifest.v2+json",
        "User": "",
        "History": [
            {
                "created": "2019-01-16T21:21:55.569693599Z",
                "created_by": "/bin/sh -c #(nop)  LABEL maintainer=Clement Verna \u003ccverna@fedoraproject.org\u003e",
                "empty_layer": true
            },
            {
                "created": "2019-09-27T21:21:07.784469821Z",
                "created_by": "/bin/sh -c #(nop)  ENV DISTTAG=f31-updates-candidatecontainer FGC=f31-updates-candidate FBR=f31-updates-candidate",
                "empty_layer": true
            },
            {
                "created": "2019-10-29T03:23:37.355187998Z",
                "created_by": "/bin/sh -c #(nop) ADD file:298f828afc880ccde9205fc4418435d5e696ad165e283f0530d0b1a74326d6dc in / "
            },
            {
                "created": "2019-10-29T03:23:37.695123423Z",
                "created_by": "/bin/sh -c #(nop)  CMD [\"/bin/bash\"]",
                "empty_layer": true
            }
        ],
        "NamesHistory": []
    }
]
```

```
# podman inspect a04 --format "{{.ImageName}}"
fedora
```

```
# podman inspect a04 --format "{{.GraphDriver.Name}}"
overlay
```

```
# podman image inspect --format "size: {{.Size}}" alpine
size:   4405240
```

```
podman container inspect --latest --format {{.EffectiveCaps}}
[CAP_CHOWN CAP_DAC_OVERRIDE CAP_FSETID CAP_FOWNER CAP_MKNOD CAP_NET_RAW CAP_SETGID CAP_SETUID CAP_SETFCAP CAP_SETPCAP CAP_NET_BIND_SERVICE CAP_SYS_CHROOT CAP_KILL CAP_AUDIT_WRITE]
```

```
# podman inspect myPod --type pod --format "{{.Name}}"
myPod
```
```
# podman inspect myVolume --type volume --format "{{.Name}}"
myVolume
```

```
# podman inspect nyNetwork --type network --format "{{.name}}"
myNetwork
```

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-container-inspect(1)](podman-container-inspect.1.md)**, **[podman-image-inspect(1)](podman-image-inspect.1.md)**, **[podman-network-inspect(1)](podman-network-inspect.1.md)**, **[podman-pod-inspect(1)](podman-pod-inspect.1.md)**, **[podman-volume-inspect(1)](podman-volume-inspect.1.md)**

## HISTORY
July 2017, Originally compiled by Dan Walsh <dwalsh@redhat.com>
