docs/source/markdown/podman-logs.1.md, before:

% podman-logs(1)

## NAME
podman\-logs - Display the logs of one or more containers

## SYNOPSIS
**podman logs** [*options*] *container* [*container...*]

**podman container logs** [*options*] *container* [*container...*]

## DESCRIPTION
The podman logs command batch-retrieves whatever logs are present for one or more containers at the time of execution.
This does not guarantee execution order when combined with podman run (i.e. your run may not have generated
any logs at the time you execute podman logs).

## OPTIONS

#### **--follow**, **-f**

Follow log output.  Default is false.

Note: If you are following a container which is removed `podman container rm`
or removed on exit `podman run --rm ...`, then there is a chance that the log
file will be removed before `podman logs` reads the final content.

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the container name or ID, use the last created container. If you use methods other than Podman
to run containers such as CRI-O, the last started container could be from either of those methods. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

#### **--names**, **-n**

Output the container name in the log

#### **--since**=*TIMESTAMP*

Show logs since TIMESTAMP. The --since option can be Unix timestamps, date formatted timestamps, or Go duration
strings (e.g. 10m, 1h30m) computed relative to the client machine's time. Supported formats for date formatted
time stamps include RFC3339Nano, RFC3339, 2006-01-02T15:04:05, 2006-01-02T15:04:05.999999999, 2006-01-02Z07:00,
and 2006-01-02.

#### **--until**=*TIMESTAMP*

Show logs until TIMESTAMP. The --until option can be Unix timestamps, date formatted timestamps, or Go duration
strings (e.g. 10m, 1h30m) computed relative to the client machine's time. Supported formats for date formatted
time stamps include RFC3339Nano, RFC3339, 2006-01-02T15:04:05, 2006-01-02T15:04:05.999999999, 2006-01-02Z07:00,
and 2006-01-02.


#### **--tail**=*LINES*

Output the specified number of LINES at the end of the logs.  LINES must be an integer.  Defaults to -1,
which prints all lines

#### **--timestamps**, **-t**

Show timestamps in the log outputs.  The default is false

## EXAMPLE

To view a container's logs:
```
podman logs -t b3f2436bdb978c1d33b1387afb5d7ba7e3243ed2ce908db431ac0069da86cb45

2017/08/07 10:16:21 Seeked /var/log/crio/pods/eb296bd56fab164d4d3cc46e5776b54414af3bf543d138746b25832c816b933b/c49f49788da14f776b7aa93fb97a2a71f9912f4e5a3e30397fca7dfe0ee0367b.log - &{Offset:0 Whence:0}
1:C 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # oO0OoO0OoO0Oo Redis is starting oO0OoO0OoO0Oo
1:C 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Redis version=4.0.1, bits=64, commit=00000000, modified=0, pid=1, just started
1:C 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Warning: no config file specified, using the default config. In order to specify a config file use redis-server /path/to/redis.conf
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # You requested maxclients of 10000 requiring at least 10032 max file descriptors.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Server can't set maximum open files to 10032 because of OS error: Operation not permitted.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Current maximum open files is 4096. maxclients has been reduced to 4064 to compensate for low ulimit. If you need higher maxclients increase 'ulimit -n'.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 * Running mode=standalone, port=6379.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 # WARNING: The TCP backlog setting of 511 cannot be enforced because /proc/sys/net/core/somaxconn is set to the lower value of 128.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 # Server initialized
```

To view only the last two lines in container's log:
```
podman logs --tail 2 b3f2436bdb97

# WARNING: The TCP backlog setting of 511 cannot be enforced because /proc/sys/net/core/somaxconn is set to the lower value of 128.
# Server initialized
```

To view all containers logs:
```
podman logs -t --since 0 myserver

1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Server can't set maximum open files to 10032 because of OS error: Operation not permitted.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Current maximum open files is 4096. maxclients has been reduced to 4064 to compensate for low ulimit. If you need higher maxclients increase 'ulimit -n'.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 * Running mode=standalone, port=6379.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 # WARNING: The TCP backlog setting of 511 cannot be enforced because /proc/sys/net/core/somaxconn is set to the lower value of 128.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 # Server initialized
```

To view a containers logs since a certain time:
```
podman logs -t --since 2017-08-07T10:10:09.055837383-04:00 myserver

1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Server can't set maximum open files to 10032 because of OS error: Operation not permitted.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Current maximum open files is 4096. maxclients has been reduced to 4064 to compensate for low ulimit. If you need higher maxclients increase 'ulimit -n'.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 * Running mode=standalone, port=6379.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 # WARNING: The TCP backlog setting of 511 cannot be enforced because /proc/sys/net/core/somaxconn is set to the lower value of 128.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 # Server initialized
```

To view a container's logs generated in the last 10 minutes:
```
podman logs --since 10m myserver

# Server can't set maximum open files to 10032 because of OS error: Operation not permitted.
# Current maximum open files is 4096. maxclients has been reduced to 4064 to compensate for low ulimit. If you need higher maxclients increase 'ulimit -n'.
```

To view a container's logs until 30 minutes ago:
```
podman logs --until 30m myserver

AH00558: httpd: Could not reliably determine the server's fully qualified domain name, using 10.0.2.100. Set the 'ServerName' directive globally to suppress this message
AH00558: httpd: Could not reliably determine the server's fully qualified domain name, using 10.0.2.100. Set the 'ServerName' directive globally to suppress this message
[Tue Jul 20 13:18:14.223727 2021] [mpm_event:notice] [pid 1:tid 140021067187328] AH00489: Apache/2.4.48 (Unix) configured -- resuming normal operations
[Tue Jul 20 13:18:14.223819 2021] [core:notice] [pid 1:tid 140021067187328] AH00094: Command line: 'httpd -D FOREGROUND'
```

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-run(1)](podman-run.1.md)**, **[podman-container-rm(1)](podman-container-rm.1.md)**

## HISTORY
February 2018, Updated by Brent Baude <bbaude@redhat.com>

August 2017, Originally compiled by Ryan Cole <rycole@redhat.com>

Commit message:

Clarify remote client means Mac and Windows
Signed-off-by: Daniel J Walsh <dwalsh@redhat.com>

docs/source/markdown/podman-logs.1.md, after:

% podman-logs(1)

## NAME
podman\-logs - Display the logs of one or more containers

## SYNOPSIS
**podman logs** [*options*] *container* [*container...*]

**podman container logs** [*options*] *container* [*container...*]

## DESCRIPTION
The podman logs command batch-retrieves whatever logs are present for one or more containers at the time of execution.
This does not guarantee execution order when combined with podman run (i.e. your run may not have generated
any logs at the time you execute podman logs).

## OPTIONS

#### **--follow**, **-f**

Follow log output.  Default is false.

Note: If you are following a container which is removed `podman container rm`
or removed on exit `podman run --rm ...`, then there is a chance that the log
file will be removed before `podman logs` reads the final content.

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the container name or ID, use the last created container. If you use methods other than Podman
to run containers such as CRI-O, the last started container could be from either of those methods. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client, including Mac and Windows (excluding WSL2) machines)

#### **--names**, **-n**

Output the container name in the log

#### **--since**=*TIMESTAMP*

Show logs since TIMESTAMP. The --since option can be Unix timestamps, date formatted timestamps, or Go duration
strings (e.g. 10m, 1h30m) computed relative to the client machine's time. Supported formats for date formatted
time stamps include RFC3339Nano, RFC3339, 2006-01-02T15:04:05, 2006-01-02T15:04:05.999999999, 2006-01-02Z07:00,
and 2006-01-02.

#### **--until**=*TIMESTAMP*

Show logs until TIMESTAMP. The --until option can be Unix timestamps, date formatted timestamps, or Go duration
strings (e.g. 10m, 1h30m) computed relative to the client machine's time. Supported formats for date formatted
time stamps include RFC3339Nano, RFC3339, 2006-01-02T15:04:05, 2006-01-02T15:04:05.999999999, 2006-01-02Z07:00,
and 2006-01-02.


#### **--tail**=*LINES*

Output the specified number of LINES at the end of the logs.  LINES must be an integer.  Defaults to -1,
which prints all lines

#### **--timestamps**, **-t**

Show timestamps in the log outputs.  The default is false

## EXAMPLE

To view a container's logs:
```
podman logs -t b3f2436bdb978c1d33b1387afb5d7ba7e3243ed2ce908db431ac0069da86cb45

2017/08/07 10:16:21 Seeked /var/log/crio/pods/eb296bd56fab164d4d3cc46e5776b54414af3bf543d138746b25832c816b933b/c49f49788da14f776b7aa93fb97a2a71f9912f4e5a3e30397fca7dfe0ee0367b.log - &{Offset:0 Whence:0}
1:C 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # oO0OoO0OoO0Oo Redis is starting oO0OoO0OoO0Oo
1:C 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Redis version=4.0.1, bits=64, commit=00000000, modified=0, pid=1, just started
1:C 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Warning: no config file specified, using the default config. In order to specify a config file use redis-server /path/to/redis.conf
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # You requested maxclients of 10000 requiring at least 10032 max file descriptors.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Server can't set maximum open files to 10032 because of OS error: Operation not permitted.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Current maximum open files is 4096. maxclients has been reduced to 4064 to compensate for low ulimit. If you need higher maxclients increase 'ulimit -n'.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 * Running mode=standalone, port=6379.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 # WARNING: The TCP backlog setting of 511 cannot be enforced because /proc/sys/net/core/somaxconn is set to the lower value of 128.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 # Server initialized
```

To view only the last two lines in container's log:
```
podman logs --tail 2 b3f2436bdb97

# WARNING: The TCP backlog setting of 511 cannot be enforced because /proc/sys/net/core/somaxconn is set to the lower value of 128.
# Server initialized
```

To view all containers logs:
```
podman logs -t --since 0 myserver

1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Server can't set maximum open files to 10032 because of OS error: Operation not permitted.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Current maximum open files is 4096. maxclients has been reduced to 4064 to compensate for low ulimit. If you need higher maxclients increase 'ulimit -n'.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 * Running mode=standalone, port=6379.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 # WARNING: The TCP backlog setting of 511 cannot be enforced because /proc/sys/net/core/somaxconn is set to the lower value of 128.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 # Server initialized
```

To view a containers logs since a certain time:
```
podman logs -t --since 2017-08-07T10:10:09.055837383-04:00 myserver

1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Server can't set maximum open files to 10032 because of OS error: Operation not permitted.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.055 # Current maximum open files is 4096. maxclients has been reduced to 4064 to compensate for low ulimit. If you need higher maxclients increase 'ulimit -n'.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 * Running mode=standalone, port=6379.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 # WARNING: The TCP backlog setting of 511 cannot be enforced because /proc/sys/net/core/somaxconn is set to the lower value of 128.
1:M 07 Aug 14:10:09.056 # Server initialized
```

To view a container's logs generated in the last 10 minutes:
```
podman logs --since 10m myserver

# Server can't set maximum open files to 10032 because of OS error: Operation not permitted.
# Current maximum open files is 4096. maxclients has been reduced to 4064 to compensate for low ulimit. If you need higher maxclients increase 'ulimit -n'.
```

To view a container's logs until 30 minutes ago:
```
podman logs --until 30m myserver

AH00558: httpd: Could not reliably determine the server's fully qualified domain name, using 10.0.2.100. Set the 'ServerName' directive globally to suppress this message
AH00558: httpd: Could not reliably determine the server's fully qualified domain name, using 10.0.2.100. Set the 'ServerName' directive globally to suppress this message
[Tue Jul 20 13:18:14.223727 2021] [mpm_event:notice] [pid 1:tid 140021067187328] AH00489: Apache/2.4.48 (Unix) configured -- resuming normal operations
[Tue Jul 20 13:18:14.223819 2021] [core:notice] [pid 1:tid 140021067187328] AH00094: Command line: 'httpd -D FOREGROUND'
```

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-run(1)](podman-run.1.md)**, **[podman-container-rm(1)](podman-container-rm.1.md)**

## HISTORY
February 2018, Updated by Brent Baude <bbaude@redhat.com>

August 2017, Originally compiled by Ryan Cole <rycole@redhat.com>
