docs/source/markdown/podman-network-reload.1.md, before:

% podman-network-reload(1)

## NAME
podman\-network\-reload - Reload network configuration for containers

## SYNOPSIS
**podman network reload** [*options*] [*container...*]

## DESCRIPTION
Reload one or more container network configurations.

Rootfull Podman relies on iptables rules in order to provide network connectivity. If the iptables rules are deleted,
this happens for example with `firewall-cmd --reload`, the container loses network connectivity. This command restores
the network connectivity.

## OPTIONS
#### **--all**, **-a**

Reload network configuration of all containers.

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the container name or ID, use the last created container. If you use methods other than Podman
to run containers such as CRI-O, the last started container could be from either of those methods. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

## EXAMPLE

Reload the network configuration after a firewall reload.

```
# podman run -p 80:80 -d nginx
b1b538e8bc4078fc3ee1c95b666ebc7449b9a97bacd15bcbe464a29e1be59c1c
# curl 127.0.0.1
works
# sudo firewall-cmd --reload
success
# curl 127.0.0.1
hangs
# podman network reload b1b538e8bc40
b1b538e8bc4078fc3ee1c95b666ebc7449b9a97bacd15bcbe464a29e1be59c1c
# curl 127.0.0.1
works
```

Reload the network configuration for all containers.

```
# podman network reload --all
b1b538e8bc4078fc3ee1c95b666ebc7449b9a97bacd15bcbe464a29e1be59c1c
fe7e8eca56f844ec33af10f0aa3b31b44a172776e3277b9550a623ed5d96e72b
```


## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-network(1)](podman-network.1.md)**

## HISTORY
December 2020, Originally compiled by Paul Holzinger <paul.holzinger@web.de>

Commit message:

Clarify remote client means Mac and Windows
Signed-off-by: Daniel J Walsh <dwalsh@redhat.com>

docs/source/markdown/podman-network-reload.1.md, after:

% podman-network-reload(1)

## NAME
podman\-network\-reload - Reload network configuration for containers

## SYNOPSIS
**podman network reload** [*options*] [*container...*]

## DESCRIPTION
Reload one or more container network configurations.

Rootfull Podman relies on iptables rules in order to provide network connectivity. If the iptables rules are deleted,
this happens for example with `firewall-cmd --reload`, the container loses network connectivity. This command restores
the network connectivity.

## OPTIONS
#### **--all**, **-a**

Reload network configuration of all containers.

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the container name or ID, use the last created container. If you use methods other than Podman
to run containers such as CRI-O, the last started container could be from either of those methods. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client, including Mac and Windows (excluding WSL2) machines)

## EXAMPLE

Reload the network configuration after a firewall reload.

```
# podman run -p 80:80 -d nginx
b1b538e8bc4078fc3ee1c95b666ebc7449b9a97bacd15bcbe464a29e1be59c1c
# curl 127.0.0.1
works
# sudo firewall-cmd --reload
success
# curl 127.0.0.1
hangs
# podman network reload b1b538e8bc40
b1b538e8bc4078fc3ee1c95b666ebc7449b9a97bacd15bcbe464a29e1be59c1c
# curl 127.0.0.1
works
```

Reload the network configuration for all containers.

```
# podman network reload --all
b1b538e8bc4078fc3ee1c95b666ebc7449b9a97bacd15bcbe464a29e1be59c1c
fe7e8eca56f844ec33af10f0aa3b31b44a172776e3277b9550a623ed5d96e72b
```


## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-network(1)](podman-network.1.md)**

## HISTORY
December 2020, Originally compiled by Paul Holzinger <paul.holzinger@web.de>
