docs/source/markdown/podman-container-diff.1.md, before:

% podman-container-diff(1)

## NAME
podman\-container\-diff - Inspect changes on a container's filesystem

## SYNOPSIS
**podman container diff** [*options*] *container* [*container*]

## DESCRIPTION
Displays changes on a container's filesystem. The container will be compared to its parent layer or the second argument when given.

The output is prefixed with the following symbols:

| Symbol | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| A | A file or directory was added.   |
| D | A file or directory was deleted. |
| C | A file or directory was changed. |

## OPTIONS

#### **--format**

Alter the output into a different format. The only valid format for **podman container diff** is `json`.

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the container name or ID, use the last created container. If you use methods other than Podman
to run containers such as CRI-O, the last started container could be from either of those methods. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

## EXAMPLE

```
# podman container diff container1
C /usr
C /usr/local
C /usr/local/bin
A /usr/local/bin/docker-entrypoint.sh
```

```
$ podman container diff --format json container1 container2
{
     "added": [
          "/test"
     ]
}
```

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-container(1)](podman-container.1.md)**

## HISTORY
July 2021, Originally compiled by Paul Holzinger <pholzing@redhat.com>

Commit message:

Clarify remote client means Mac and Windows
Signed-off-by: Daniel J Walsh <dwalsh@redhat.com>

docs/source/markdown/podman-container-diff.1.md, after:

% podman-container-diff(1)

## NAME
podman\-container\-diff - Inspect changes on a container's filesystem

## SYNOPSIS
**podman container diff** [*options*] *container* [*container*]

## DESCRIPTION
Displays changes on a container's filesystem. The container will be compared to its parent layer or the second argument when given.

The output is prefixed with the following symbols:

| Symbol | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| A | A file or directory was added.   |
| D | A file or directory was deleted. |
| C | A file or directory was changed. |

## OPTIONS

#### **--format**

Alter the output into a different format. The only valid format for **podman container diff** is `json`.

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Instead of providing the container name or ID, use the last created container. If you use methods other than Podman
to run containers such as CRI-O, the last started container could be from either of those methods. (This option is not available with the remote Podman client, including Mac and Windows (excluding WSL2) machines)

## EXAMPLE

```
# podman container diff container1
C /usr
C /usr/local
C /usr/local/bin
A /usr/local/bin/docker-entrypoint.sh
```

```
$ podman container diff --format json container1 container2
{
     "added": [
          "/test"
     ]
}
```

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-container(1)](podman-container.1.md)**

## HISTORY
July 2021, Originally compiled by Paul Holzinger <pholzing@redhat.com>
