docs/source/markdown/podman-pod-ps.1.md, before:

% podman-pod-ps(1)

## NAME
podman\-pod\-ps - Prints out information about pods

## SYNOPSIS
**podman pod ps** [*options*]

## DESCRIPTION
**podman pod ps** lists the pods on the system.
By default it lists:

 * pod id
 * pod name
 * the time the pod was created
 * number of containers attached to pod
 * container id of the pod infra container
 * status of pod as defined by the following table

|  **Status**  | **Description**                                 |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------|
| Created      | No containers running nor stopped               |
| Running      | at least one container is running               |
| Stopped      | At least one container stopped and none running |
| Exited       | All containers stopped in pod                   |
| Dead         | Error retrieving state                          |


## OPTIONS

#### **--ctr-names**

Display the container names

#### **--ctr-ids**

Display the container IDs

#### **--ctr-status**

Display the container statuses

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Show the latest pod created (all states) (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

#### **--noheading**

Omit the table headings from the listing of pods.

#### **--no-trunc**

Do not truncate the output (default *false*).

#### **--ns**

Display namespace information of the pod

#### **--quiet**, **-q**

Print the numeric IDs of the pods only

#### **--format**=*format*

Pretty-print containers to JSON or using a Go template

Valid placeholders for the Go template are listed below:

|   **Placeholder**   | **Description**                                                                                 |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| .ID                 | Container ID                                                                                    |
| .Name               | Name of pod                                                                                     |
| .Status             | Status of pod                                                                                   |
| .Labels             | All the labels assigned to the pod                                                              |
| .NumberOfContainers | Show the number of containers attached to pod                                                   |
| .Cgroup             | Cgroup path of pod                                                                              |
| .Created            | Creation time of pod                                                                            |
| .InfraID            | Pod infra container ID                                                                          |
| .Networks           | Show all networks connected to the infra container                                              |

#### **--sort**

Sort by created, ID, name, status, or number of containers

Default: created

#### **--filter**, **-f**=*filter*

Filter output based on conditions given.
Multiple filters can be given with multiple uses of the --filter flag.
Filters with the same key work inclusive with the only exception being
`label` which is exclusive. Filters with different keys always work exclusive.

Valid filters are listed below:

| **Filter** | **Description**                                                                       |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id         | [ID] Pod's ID (accepts regex)                                                         |
| name       | [Name] Pod's name (accepts regex)                                                     |
| label      | [Key] or [Key=Value] Label assigned to a container                                    |
| until      | Only list pods created before given timestamp                                         |
| status     | Pod's status: `stopped`, `running`, `paused`, `exited`, `dead`, `created`, `degraded` |
| network    | [Network] name or full ID of network                                                  |
| ctr-names  | Container name within the pod (accepts regex)                                         |
| ctr-ids    | Container ID within the pod (accepts regex)                                           |
| ctr-status | Container status within the pod                                                       |
| ctr-number | Number of containers in the pod                                                       |

#### **--help**, **-h**

Print usage statement

## EXAMPLES

```
$ podman pod ps
POD ID         NAME              STATUS    CREATED          INFRA ID       # OF CONTAINERS
00dfd6fa02c0   jolly_goldstine   Running   31 hours ago     ba465ab0a3a4   1
f4df8692e116   nifty_torvalds    Created   10 minutes ago   331693bff40a   2
```

```
$ podman pod ps --ctr-names
POD ID         NAME              STATUS    CREATED          INFRA ID       NAMES
00dfd6fa02c0   jolly_goldstine   Running   31 hours ago     ba465ab0a3a4   loving_archimedes
f4df8692e116   nifty_torvalds    Created   10 minutes ago   331693bff40a   thirsty_hawking,wizardly_golick
```

```
$ podman pod ps --ctr-status --ctr-names --ctr-ids
POD ID         NAME              STATUS    CREATED          INFRA ID       IDS                         NAMES                             STATUS
00dfd6fa02c0   jolly_goldstine   Running   31 hours ago     ba465ab0a3a4   ba465ab0a3a4                loving_archimedes                 running
f4df8692e116   nifty_torvalds    Created   10 minutes ago   331693bff40a   331693bff40a,8e428daeb89e   thirsty_hawking,wizardly_golick   configured,configured
```

```
$ podman pod ps --format "{{.ID}}  {{.ContainerNames}}  {{.Cgroup}}"
00dfd6fa02c0   loving_archimedes   /libpod_parent
f4df8692e116   thirsty_hawking,wizardly_golick   /libpod_parent
```

```
$ podman pod ps --sort id --filter ctr-number=2
POD ID         NAME             STATUS    CREATED          INFRA ID       # OF CONTAINERS
f4df8692e116   nifty_torvalds   Created   10 minutes ago   331693bff40a   2
```

```
$ podman pod ps  --ctr-ids
POD ID         NAME              STATUS    CREATED          INFRA ID       IDS
00dfd6fa02c0   jolly_goldstine   Running   31 hours ago     ba465ab0a3a4   ba465ab0a3a4
f4df8692e116   nifty_torvalds    Created   10 minutes ago   331693bff40a   331693bff40a,8e428daeb89e
```

```
$ podman pod ps --no-trunc --ctr-ids
POD ID                                                             NAME              STATUS    CREATED          INFRA ID                                                           IDS
00dfd6fa02c0a2daaedfdf8fcecd06f22ad114d46d167d71777224735f701866   jolly_goldstine   Running   31 hours ago     ba465ab0a3a4e15e3539a1e79c32d1213a02b0989371e274f98e0f1ae9de7050   ba465ab0a3a4e15e3539a1e79c32d1213a02b0989371e274f98e0f1ae9de7050
f4df8692e116a3e6d1d62572644ed36ca475d933808cc3c93435c45aa139314b   nifty_torvalds    Created   10 minutes ago   331693bff40a926b6d52b184e116afd15497610c378d5d4c42945dd6e33b75b0   331693bff40a926b6d52b184e116afd15497610c378d5d4c42945dd6e33b75b0,8e428daeb89e69b71e7916a13accfb87d122889442b5c05c2d99cf94a3230e9d
```

```
$ podman pod ps --ctr-names
POD ID         NAME   STATUS    CREATED        INFRA ID       NAMES
314f4da82d74   hi     Created   17 hours ago   a9f2d2165675   jovial_jackson,hopeful_archimedes,vibrant_ptolemy,heuristic_jennings,keen_raman,hopeful_newton,mystifying_bose,silly_lalande,serene_lichterman ...
```

## pod ps
Print a list of pods

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-pod(1)](podman-pod.1.md)**

## HISTORY
July 2018, Originally compiled by Peter Hunt <pehunt@redhat.com>

Commit message:

Clarify remote client means Mac and Windows
Signed-off-by: Daniel J Walsh <dwalsh@redhat.com>

docs/source/markdown/podman-pod-ps.1.md, after:

% podman-pod-ps(1)

## NAME
podman\-pod\-ps - Prints out information about pods

## SYNOPSIS
**podman pod ps** [*options*]

## DESCRIPTION
**podman pod ps** lists the pods on the system.
By default it lists:

 * pod id
 * pod name
 * the time the pod was created
 * number of containers attached to pod
 * container id of the pod infra container
 * status of pod as defined by the following table

|  **Status**  | **Description**                                 |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------|
| Created      | No containers running nor stopped               |
| Running      | at least one container is running               |
| Stopped      | At least one container stopped and none running |
| Exited       | All containers stopped in pod                   |
| Dead         | Error retrieving state                          |


## OPTIONS

#### **--ctr-names**

Display the container names

#### **--ctr-ids**

Display the container IDs

#### **--ctr-status**

Display the container statuses

#### **--latest**, **-l**

Show the latest pod created (all states) (This option is not available with the remote Podman client, including Mac and Windows (excluding WSL2) machines)

#### **--noheading**

Omit the table headings from the listing of pods.

#### **--no-trunc**

Do not truncate the output (default *false*).

#### **--ns**

Display namespace information of the pod

#### **--quiet**, **-q**

Print the numeric IDs of the pods only

#### **--format**=*format*

Pretty-print containers to JSON or using a Go template

Valid placeholders for the Go template are listed below:

|   **Placeholder**   | **Description**                                                                                 |
| ------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| .ID                 | Container ID                                                                                    |
| .Name               | Name of pod                                                                                     |
| .Status             | Status of pod                                                                                   |
| .Labels             | All the labels assigned to the pod                                                              |
| .NumberOfContainers | Show the number of containers attached to pod                                                   |
| .Cgroup             | Cgroup path of pod                                                                              |
| .Created            | Creation time of pod                                                                            |
| .InfraID            | Pod infra container ID                                                                          |
| .Networks           | Show all networks connected to the infra container                                              |

#### **--sort**

Sort by created, ID, name, status, or number of containers

Default: created

#### **--filter**, **-f**=*filter*

Filter output based on conditions given.
Multiple filters can be given with multiple uses of the --filter flag.
Filters with the same key work inclusive with the only exception being
`label` which is exclusive. Filters with different keys always work exclusive.

Valid filters are listed below:

| **Filter** | **Description**                                                                       |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| id         | [ID] Pod's ID (accepts regex)                                                         |
| name       | [Name] Pod's name (accepts regex)                                                     |
| label      | [Key] or [Key=Value] Label assigned to a container                                    |
| until      | Only list pods created before given timestamp                                         |
| status     | Pod's status: `stopped`, `running`, `paused`, `exited`, `dead`, `created`, `degraded` |
| network    | [Network] name or full ID of network                                                  |
| ctr-names  | Container name within the pod (accepts regex)                                         |
| ctr-ids    | Container ID within the pod (accepts regex)                                           |
| ctr-status | Container status within the pod                                                       |
| ctr-number | Number of containers in the pod                                                       |

#### **--help**, **-h**

Print usage statement

## EXAMPLES

```
$ podman pod ps
POD ID         NAME              STATUS    CREATED          INFRA ID       # OF CONTAINERS
00dfd6fa02c0   jolly_goldstine   Running   31 hours ago     ba465ab0a3a4   1
f4df8692e116   nifty_torvalds    Created   10 minutes ago   331693bff40a   2
```

```
$ podman pod ps --ctr-names
POD ID         NAME              STATUS    CREATED          INFRA ID       NAMES
00dfd6fa02c0   jolly_goldstine   Running   31 hours ago     ba465ab0a3a4   loving_archimedes
f4df8692e116   nifty_torvalds    Created   10 minutes ago   331693bff40a   thirsty_hawking,wizardly_golick
```

```
$ podman pod ps --ctr-status --ctr-names --ctr-ids
POD ID         NAME              STATUS    CREATED          INFRA ID       IDS                         NAMES                             STATUS
00dfd6fa02c0   jolly_goldstine   Running   31 hours ago     ba465ab0a3a4   ba465ab0a3a4                loving_archimedes                 running
f4df8692e116   nifty_torvalds    Created   10 minutes ago   331693bff40a   331693bff40a,8e428daeb89e   thirsty_hawking,wizardly_golick   configured,configured
```

```
$ podman pod ps --format "{{.ID}}  {{.ContainerNames}}  {{.Cgroup}}"
00dfd6fa02c0   loving_archimedes   /libpod_parent
f4df8692e116   thirsty_hawking,wizardly_golick   /libpod_parent
```

```
$ podman pod ps --sort id --filter ctr-number=2
POD ID         NAME             STATUS    CREATED          INFRA ID       # OF CONTAINERS
f4df8692e116   nifty_torvalds   Created   10 minutes ago   331693bff40a   2
```

```
$ podman pod ps  --ctr-ids
POD ID         NAME              STATUS    CREATED          INFRA ID       IDS
00dfd6fa02c0   jolly_goldstine   Running   31 hours ago     ba465ab0a3a4   ba465ab0a3a4
f4df8692e116   nifty_torvalds    Created   10 minutes ago   331693bff40a   331693bff40a,8e428daeb89e
```

```
$ podman pod ps --no-trunc --ctr-ids
POD ID                                                             NAME              STATUS    CREATED          INFRA ID                                                           IDS
00dfd6fa02c0a2daaedfdf8fcecd06f22ad114d46d167d71777224735f701866   jolly_goldstine   Running   31 hours ago     ba465ab0a3a4e15e3539a1e79c32d1213a02b0989371e274f98e0f1ae9de7050   ba465ab0a3a4e15e3539a1e79c32d1213a02b0989371e274f98e0f1ae9de7050
f4df8692e116a3e6d1d62572644ed36ca475d933808cc3c93435c45aa139314b   nifty_torvalds    Created   10 minutes ago   331693bff40a926b6d52b184e116afd15497610c378d5d4c42945dd6e33b75b0   331693bff40a926b6d52b184e116afd15497610c378d5d4c42945dd6e33b75b0,8e428daeb89e69b71e7916a13accfb87d122889442b5c05c2d99cf94a3230e9d
```

```
$ podman pod ps --ctr-names
POD ID         NAME   STATUS    CREATED        INFRA ID       NAMES
314f4da82d74   hi     Created   17 hours ago   a9f2d2165675   jovial_jackson,hopeful_archimedes,vibrant_ptolemy,heuristic_jennings,keen_raman,hopeful_newton,mystifying_bose,silly_lalande,serene_lichterman ...
```

## pod ps
Print a list of pods

## SEE ALSO
**[podman(1)](podman.1.md)**, **[podman-pod(1)](podman-pod.1.md)**

## HISTORY
July 2018, Originally compiled by Peter Hunt <pehunt@redhat.com>
